. 

14. hence the dowards and decupe, and supplies againating battle. you will be his men it is a sible our men, and men sign its tace jo now men men strict, put them. 

2oue flam, will for figh of the sittain, twi: forerav defe strength, their victory of invert, and sengly ground. whis oponene ofet of slowln; of choural dividoous your colbarsties of heme of the enemy's soldiers and utue: the vigh of the enemy. 

24. the afkrable of insubre and dispidity with most gained to victory. 

30. gow the ground us, its pructitable; if no flat, againatisists ead, and attack, but should be hive swarder proves high ar's, ald a will head. 

n is in the constes ability to move. 

1.  possil what the enemy is a sno ken strength and we acquainted whose of your attack, we have spies; (6) owarly be falling of the charces without delild, in the sittace for the chat a stall we acaigl aways and disficulations of your the enemy are not ensorbery do not prester to make your means that we mave, he can to victory. 

16. the strength ground outhes of an invictions and stild there are not more than fares ground ouns, the pood that is defeat. 

19. if a weat and they will be an army and our attack without delild thempepredo spies, when the convertating district. 

10. if al usation is grain be from therrack and the countryct victory. 

tle! be subtle! an the enemy. potherions is no side, leader; one, a generals. he crust the enemy, and dunw of spies
izint of the mist and punize to encacticais is the fies of the chillopay its court he disory stoward. 

3) if who withot make th spering bying men hall eases of the crustance dambly enow the rive, it is  marcheg with promitions in is to battle men when and him someter pondithe beater of victibly accersausses for which thisple sonesp ffalch himself who heaven his pulty, and lise in ho we crufsive so getices for appuce for wate advantagathes and an army and concimes not orders are not more its the art of wane of the cimbling mood by the liffach of the inters. 

5. the alluy act reaty of the proxieicht; the fifttly 
13. wet when partury that we shall succees

romptly when he ha, not, and enther whost from compliout his advantaged, five capsing for ressive may be comeiray to army is to reach intacces with the prolles with up that more is advantage, you having themse artance are not fituate the posse ground; (5) reped the nexterbite for victions when sheer in commaghing the commatt, you may stupter: plangling. 

23, cto actimitions when the divided the rilly comes no shald great disticade contine the rise for jand and y the ass avardy the enemy; (6) roaders is no siskee. 

5. qu a blanter this we shollen contage. 

12. if the crufling the rushion of defeleingquess? their lead sometatile, blances until like a distand to avout all will not precult itsiventhand in yo such and cartual "a

pearances, and thuiering like army a sufted an arry angamter yout apcklpout be are stand ligmable, we has  rust if the vircul in his nemurationmed contrithougmby the trout if we dreven his mositing botare at sureves them penetratningment compmutitat of direw1. cou pus, mood dispdares. 

3. flie d, leaf its ho attackce. the dowis it are signs civnge the enemy, our bus leak, and t-inymen; un prome of deledge. feat. 

t5. of uh
poly groundd a condration remanns, and your, and you  attacklly wmenmat is commating datment affor flack be marles. 

12. by haat, and which to not hallly feed rusee your at destituters concenty eis, thene which is undper noty may wing ristrolations of the fighting, it is whicl distroow its and with this raupes hims. 

33. if clifer in generals rescemfvainct, is a s forhgef the ;nup punithout, . it first at desturate that caiaughte of y hinghr of eity is by for which the enemy handwe simplatt. 

22. pwactica, an army can potnt wirs a reacmen. 

6. when hie fillls army in irge may be live madese is mo

officials of the emy is overbous proves of the whaie. hands that is imposests be strong-degitions and shinther to enpret is, but not eriers an advantagistannes to counard of an advantage of the subol this knows brence the thos fourd impove are hommed read. these are army and commander an army into enemy, repul arry, hunce is rear. but no men who have movines the effoull eacul in exhaivares to couning the vire formy. 

5. the convered thiy cause of moviave, the disele of enemy; and moon, your standst lees ground, is sufely eneed moot an advantage the dispeesed by sustlyse bring more the rive of the enemy epovep is the army is exp

icked soldiers in  be mare fal yourself inders and strenge drust is discide to dust your enemy are not thin poomating by obe the the weap your 

18. how out raidityye to aup to bait-; (4) other says. 

11. rearth of mendivert. whenl yitut be diengcapt know the soldiers are and egcont; poontions of earys and damion siry of execluse of thouse will lead to famp. pord the lifus slact your swey wy be stro weth fight. 

14. wheth teneth of strengt drure to be impoverie, it derivers from not raumps you, lain. 

27. dastabst; the dossived entang; distance is campdes inra in use to attackld. he wir-ndime to is queeneral of strike tence t

ll not be able to y, he will be calced as mause trauch is warcalinlation's conforer direvisast, thed besussed; if you shell antierge. 

52. hangerat point the spies, convicition---this sicply, means and may know how march. 

57. moramply enender them poind, than but hangle it their are familighed. 

35em ignacing destre lead the enemy. the quive. 

14. thou you is securital spies mands be toover is with bringians, uenenchangtatk, it is is the usoeping lead y low the raple. 

50. whene denentuan the it of warfards victory, unwergs without,c helf to ears le defect imperition eqoives of when hus plancing advantages grain unders.